---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


1. Explain (in your own words) the difference between software development following the cathedral model and software development following the bazaar model; which of the two environments would you be more comfortable?

Cathedral model: like the name suggests, the cathedral model for software development maintains a small, centralized group of experienced programmers that work on building a project until it's essentially complete and virtually free of bugs before it is released to the public. The focus is on the finished product with as few bugs as possible, with long release intervals, often months at a time. 

Bazaar model: In contrast, the bazaar model is achieved by rapid prototyping and release, with bugs being a "shallow phenomonen" that are fixed by interested developers that the software attracts after being released. The development of the project is done through a community effort rather than a dedicated few, which allows for a much more organic growth that suits the general needs and desires of the general public. 

Personally I think that I would be more comfortable in a "bazaar" environment which is more inviting for novice programmers who are not necessarily experts in any particular field and are just looking to gain exposure and/or experience. This type of environment is likely more forgiving than that of a cathedral-based development model and makes it easier for amateur programmers to make contributions to meaningful real-world projects.  


2. The Cathedral and The Bazaar essay has 19 "lessons"; pick two that you found most interesting, intriguing, telling, or that you simply liked; quote them in your blog and try to explain what they supposed to mean

\#2 Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).

Often for programmers and developers it becomes easy to get into the mindset that one must know how to code out everything from scratch, which Raymond quickly debunks here with the idea that yes, it is good for programmers to know how to write code, but it is better to know what has already been written for them, and to use pre-existing code as a means to achieve their own end goals. 

\#8 Given a large enough beta-tester and c-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone. 

What Raymond dubbed "Linus's Law" and aptly paraphrased as "Given enough eyeballs, all bugs are shallow", is the idea that with enough people, all problems become trivial. If there are enough people contributing to a single project, there will always be someone who can identify a problem with the software, and even if he/she cannot solve it, there will always be someone else who can solve it. The wide exposure of the bazaar style of development means that all bugs will eventually be confronted with somebody who can debug it. 

