---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


**Open source** (what do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"? what are some advantages of open vs. closed source, what are some potential problems with open source?)
  
	The term "open source" to me indicates any information that is freely accessible for redistribution and modification and often invites the collaboration of anyone from anywhere. It creates an open environment for innovation and new ideas. Unfortunately, open source projects are less likely to provide swift user support. 

	Closed source projects are more likely to have better user support and higher security in exchange for private source code that is inaccessible to the public.  
    
  
**Projects**: list names of four open source projects that you regularly use or that influenced you in some way in the past; give brief descriptions for each, explain why you use it and what the alternatives might be (note, the projects do not have to be source code based)  
  
  
  - LibreOffice: office suite that works as an alternative for Microsoft Office, although there are issues with performance/formatting that are noticeable with extended usage. Alternatives would include FreeOffice, Google docs, and WPS Office. 
  
  - VLC Media: offers support for a wide variety of video formats. Convenient for when watching videos that are not in the traditional .mp4 format. Alternatives would be Kodi, Realplayer, and DivX. 
  
  - GIMP: a cross-platform image editor that works as a great alternative to Photoshop. Used it extensively before getting a student version of Photoshop. Alternatives would be Paint.NET and Corel Paintshop.  
  
  - 7-zip: convenient for zipping/unzipping compressed files for Windows that offers support for a variety of extensions. Alternatives would be WinRAR and IZArc. 
  
**Questions for Tom**: come up with two (or more) questions that you would like to ask Tom Callaway from RedHat when he visits the class next week   
  
  - Are there certain projects that are more suited to be open source and are there certain projects that are more suited to be closed source? 
  - What challenges did you face in making your projects open source? 