---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# Steps to Issue Pull Request 

[Link to Pull Request](https://github.com/joannakl/cs480_s18/pull/64)

1. Forked repository into my own by clicking on "Fork" on the class github page
2. Cloned the forked repository (git clone https://github.com/swang96/cs480_s18.git) 
3. Made changes to syllabus.markdown to fix issue with bullet point spacing/uncommented a section under "Topics Covered"
4. In terminal, staged the changes (git add syllabus.markdown)
5. In terminal, committed the file (git commit -m 'fixed spacing issue with bullets and uncommented bullet points')
6. In terminal, pushed changes (git push)
7. Navigated back to original class respository and clicked "New Pull Request"
8. On the "Compare changes" page, clicked on "compare across forks"
9. Navigated to my fork (@swang) in the head fork drop-down menu
10. Made a pull request with description of issue and fix


# Code Triage
I signed up for the two projects below on Code Triage. The site sends me a consolidated email every day with three issues per project. 

1. [rust](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust): I read through one issue that was sent to me titled "throw away rustup-init.exe", which seemed to be a rather angrily albeit poorly written complaint about one of the files that was a part of the rust mscvc zip package, rustup.init.exe. Somebody replied with a link to standalone installers, but then the original poster responded with yet another angrily written message that seemed to just point out some  shortcomings of rust as a whole. All in all, this didn't seem like something I could contribute to, especially considering that it seemed like OP mostly wanted to complain about the project in general.   
2. [ansible]((https://github.com/ansible/ansible)): I read through one issue titled "Jenkins Plugin: dependencies not installed if state is 'latest'", which, although I do not think I am capable of offering any help with resolving it, was a very well documented and comprehensive bug report. It clearly stated issue type, component name, program version, configuration, OS/environment, a summary of the issue, and steps to reproduce the error, along with expected results and actual results. It was incredibly well formated and although there were no fixes yet, reading through the responses to the post, there was no need for additional clarification on the issue. 