---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---


#Humanitarian Open Source Projects 

While not directly marketed as an open source project, I believe Wikipedia has aspects of humanitarian open source. Taking the dictionary definition of humanitiarian as "relating to or characteristic of people who work to improve the lives and living conditions of other people," Wikipedia does this in the form of the free and open sharing of knowledge and information. It is the largest database of user-contributed information in the world and provides a resource for self-education that may otherwise be very difficult to attain otherwise. The free dissemination of and access to information has a great potential for improving  many people's lives. 

#Progress as Team 

Unfortunately I was unable to attend the group meeting this week, but our group as a whole accomplished several things. As a group we have installed development environments and signed up for mailing lists (though later unsubscribed because it was not necessarily useful for the purposes of our contributions). We signed up for the IRC and looked through tickets. Although there were a variety of easy tickets listed, many of them don't actually appear very easy at all for complete beginners and thus we are looking into alternative projects to contribute to, such as Scrapy and JARVIS. We are going to continue monitoring Django for easy tickets this weekend and hopefully reach a decision on whether or not we will continue with Django by Tuesday.  

#Progress as Individual 

Because I was unable to attend our last meeting, my primary job for this week and before our next meeting is to go through the meeting minutes, look through the easy tickets that my team members compiled, and try to consolidate some that might be feasible for us to work on. In addition, I will try to add to the list of alternative projects that have are easy for beginner contributors and work with everyone else to pick a project that is suited for us. I have already installed the development environment for Django but still need to sign up for the IRC chat. 