---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---
# Answers to this week's questions 

1. What type of things are you looking for when you select an open source  project to work on?

When selecting an open source project to work on, the first thing I consider is how much personal interest I have in the project. If the project is something that I have used in the past and have had some degree of exposure to, I will be more inclined to make an effort to contribute. The second thing I consider is how beginner friendly the community is and whether they have issues that are marked for specifically for beginners. As someone who has had very little experience with open source, I need to feel as if I can make contributions, no matter how small, and receive friendly constructive criticism and not potential backlash for making small mistakes. 

2. What are you able to offer to the team that you will be working on for the project? (what are your strengths)

I am open highly receptive to ideas and suggestions from other people and am generally resourceful when it comes to researching potential solutions/looking for information. I have had a decent amount of exposure to git and have worked with it quite extensively in the past, which is useful for working with groups. 

3. What are you hoping to learn from working on an open source project?

I am hoping to learn more about how to make meaningful contributions to open source projects and how to slowly work my way up from making small contributions to larger ones. I am also hoping to learn more about open source contribution etiquette, the steps that go into making contributions, and strategies for finding contributions that are suited for my skill level. 

4. What are you most worried about when you are thinking about and planning  to work on an open source project? 

I am mostly worried about making incorrect contributions and receiving backlash for errors. I am also worried about finding an open source project that has beginner-friendly issues to contribute to, because a lot of projects I've seen so far have had issues labeled "beginner" or "easy" but when I look through them, I have little idea as to how I could contribute.  

# Summize your contributions made this week, if any

This week I haven't had a chance to make any contributions yet, but next week I plan to make several Wiki contributions. 

# Propose questions for Aurelia 

1. What open source projects have you worked on? 

2. What are your favorite type of open source projects? 

