---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---


#Summary of Open Data Week Events Attended

For open data week I attended the art exhibit, Data Through Design, at the NY Media Center in Brooklyn and the closing ceremony in Brooklyn. The art exhibit had several interesting installments, all of which are based on NYC open data under the theme 8 questiosn for the City. The pieces addressed issues like: what consequences do our choices about zoning have for the people on the streets? What do NYC civil servants do? Of the art installments shown, the most interesting one for me was the Haiku Generator, "New York City Seeks Talented Individuals to Compose Haikus" by Jeremy Neiman. The question raised is "What are the duties of New York City's civil servants" and it answers this in the form of a haiku generator, with each haiku detailing a specific civil servant role and job descriptionl 

The second event I attended was the closing ceremony. Unfortunately I was not able to attend any of the other events during Open Data Week as my schedule coincided with the times for the events, but the closing ceremony was a way for me to hear about the other events that occured throughout the week from other people. It was a great culmination for the events of Open Data Week, which celebrated the raising of awareness of the many utilities of the City's public data. It would have been nice if they had a final presentation or a talk at the event, but it focused primarily on interacting with other people who are also interested in open data. 

