---
layout: post
title: Week 10 
---


# Reflection of Google Talk 

Danna's insight on Google's approach to open source was very interesting and made me realize some things I did not consider about open source before. She talked about how Google had essentially closed source, open source, and then half-way open source projects where the "source of truth" was internal but other parts of the program was made open to the public. I never knew that you could have partially open source projects and it makes sense, both from a proprietary perspective and from a practical perspective. There are instances in which you would not want the public knowing the inner workings of a program for monetary reasons, but also because there are files that make more sense to maintain only within the sphere of Google because it is what Google employees are used to using and even if the public had access to it, they might not know what to do with it. 

# Group Progress 

As a group we met up this week (I worked remotely) and we found several issues that we considered doable, one of which we actually claimed and have begun to look into. For this week I updated our team's project progress and milestones on Github, revising it so that it accurately reflected what we already accomplished, what we are in the progress of doing and what we still need to get done. The issue we claimed is essentially to link an updated list of passwords for Django's password validation and while the actual update is not difficult to make, there are other issues we need to address, such as updating authorization tests based on the old password list and other dependent files. 

# Go Code of Conduct 

Having a code of conduct is definitely important for an open source project and beneficial for all other open source projects. A code of conduct is important because for open source projects, contributors come from all different coding backgrounds. Codes of conduct provide a base guideline for the kind of behavior that is expected within a community of diverse backgrounds and allows for easier and more effective communication between coontributors. In addition, it provides a mechanism for resolving conflict as well as making the community overall more welcoming. 

[Django Code of Conduct](https://www.djangoproject.com/conduct/)





